# Greenery-Detection
Green Detector system is a part of Ardea used to make maps of agriculture land and convert it to detailed map contains NDVI,SIPI and GCI. all these maps are analysed and genrate the coordinates of areas with water strees and its necessary water and fertilizers and SAP. 1- the program consistes of two modes Automatic and Castum: (A/C) the automatic mode run the whole progream with its default settings which are Camera specs and plant constant red from Data.mat file. 2- the Castum mode is mad to enable the user to enter every setting like camera specs and plant constant.

3- the camera specs are sensor hight and sensor width and focal leangth it is used to calculate the GSD value. 4- the GSD is the photogrammetrically point dinesty. it meant how much meter is represnted in the real life by every pixel in the image it is used to determine the coordinates in the real life considering the curvature of the earth. 5- after entering your options, the program process the image to NDVI map that used for detrmining the areas with good or bad health. 6- the ranges of NDVI is: 0.66<Great health<1, 0.33<good<0.66, 0<poor health<0.33, 0<dead plants<-1. 7- According to the map the program determine each area and its need of water and other nutrtions. 8- the program output is colorized thershold image, report contains GSD and the total amount water SAP and fertilizers for the the whole land. 9- Color core for threshold image: Brown: dead plants or non living things. Yellow: poor plant health. light grean: good plant heath. green: Superior plant health.